doc: Endo top-level README (#607)
Agoric/SES-shim: README.md

work with Endo.

Endo protects program integrity both in-process and in distributed systems.
SES protects local integrity, defending an application against [supply chain
attacks][]: hacks that enter through upgrades to third-party dependencies.
Endo does this by encouraging the [Principle of Least Authority][POLA].

Since most JavaScript libraries receive powerful capabilities from global
objects like `fetch` or modules like `net`, Endo uses [LavaMoat][] to
automatically generate reviewable policies that determine what capabilities
will be distributed to third party dependencies.

For distributed systems, Endo stretches object oriented programming over
networks using asynchronous message passing to remote objects with the
[Handled Promise][] API and a [Capability Transfer Protocol][CapTP].

Between remote objects and SES compartments, Endo makes distributed programs
easy to program, and easy to reason about integrity.  CapTP frees the
programmer from needing to create bespoke communication protocols over message
ports or byte streams.

[SES]: packages/ses
[Handled Promise]: https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/packages/eventual-send

> [CapTP]: https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/packages/captp#agoriccaptp

Author: ```suggestion
[CapTP]: https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/packages/captp#agoriccaptp
[LavaMoat]: https://github.com/LavaMoat/LavaMoat
```

attacks][]: hacks that enter through upgrades to third-party dependencies.
Endo does this by encouraging the [Principle of Least Authority][POLA].

Since most JavaScript libraries receive powerful capabilities from global
objects like `fetch` or modules like `net`, Endo uses [LavaMoat][] to
automatically generate reviewable policies that determine what capabilities
will be distributed to third party dependencies.

For distributed systems, Endo stretches object oriented programming over
networks using asynchronous message passing to remote objects with the
[Handled Promise][] API and a [Capability Transfer Protocol][CapTP].

Between remote objects and SES compartments, Endo makes distributed programs
easy to program, and easy to reason about integrity.  CapTP frees the
programmer from needing to create bespoke communication protocols over message
ports or byte streams.

[SES]: packages/ses
[Handled Promise]: https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/packages/eventual-send
[CapTP]: https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/packages/captp#agoriccaptp
[LavaMoat]: https://github.com/LavaMoat/LavaMoat

> [POLA]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege

Reviewer: I hate that this page doesn't distinguish POLA from POLP. But it is still probably the best one thing to cite. No change suggested. Just sayin.

Author: Time to put the wiki back in wikipedia.

[supply chain attacks]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply_chain_attack

## Ruminations on the Name

* In Latin, "endo-" means "internal" or "within".
  This is fitting because Endo runs Node _within_ a safe sandbox.
  This is fitting in turn because Endo is built on the legacy of Google Caja.
  In Spanish, "caja" means "box" and is related to the Latin word "capsum" and
  English "capsule", as in "encapsulate".
* Endo is an anagram of Node and Deno.
  That is to say, we are not Done yet.
* The `endo` command, like the `sudo` command, is a "do" command.

>   However, instead of escalating priviliedge, it encapsulates priviledge.

Reviewer: Did you mean?

```suggestion
  However, instead of escalating privilege, it attenuates privilege.
```
